GAME Is like a small tour of what might or will happen in the future sorta

Cardboard Challenge (MAYBE)
Pew Pew Pew! - Sound by voices only
Minimalism - Least amount of code
Reverse Storytelling - Maybe (Shows how it ends, then it ends how it started ❤️)


CONTRAST: Dark level being easy when peacful level is most difficult (cause its impossible to go back at that rate)

Game:
Level 3 to Level 1
End cut scene shows zoom out of earth from normal, to having spots turning red/black from fires. Then maybe shows a meteor on the way then cuts off.
Maybe message reads during cutscsne of after cut off like pikmin


Out of bounds secrets l Hollow Knight- Boundary Break
(See behind the scenes to check how parallax works)
(Layers in background..etc)

Maybe text /subtitles from character saying what's happening at the moment, or like story form like this is all a memory

Ideas:
Stage 1: the world was uch a beautiful place, so much nature, trees, flowers, animals.. etc
Stage 2: then, all of it started getting worse by the humans living on this earth, killing nature.. etc
Stage 3: And this is where it all ended... .etc

Stage 3 Colour scheme (Night) - Take inspo from steven universe maybe

Find free asset sound effects (Unless i do with my voice)


INTRO:
This is where it all ended, All the people have perished, All living beings are struggling on their last breath's of any good oxygen left,
All habitats have been gone ablaze by the fire caused by the massive global warming that was caused by the humans of this Earth. There was time for change,
But the change people decided to go for, was for the worst, which costed the life of Earth and anything that has lived on it for it's 4.5 billion years of orbiting around the sun,
All for it to burn and perish away into nothing.

STAGE 1:
Before The Earth had turned into a flaming orb floating in space, It was known by people that the earth was turning into whatever it ended up to, But did the people stop?
No they didn't, They continued, Even though they had time to go back and fix everything before it was too late. People needed their eyes to be opened, but when they were,
They still didn't care, They chopped down trees, Caused pollution, Worsened global warming, Wars..Many people have died in the progress. The planet was destroyed by the people
who were born to make it a better place to whoever's to come next, but they didn't care...

STAGE 2:
And this is where it all started, Where many memories were made, Where nature inspired people, Where flower's bloomed when the sun shone it's light at day,
And when the moon rises and lets the stars light up the sky. Before people were reckless, The earth was filled with life everywhere, Grass, trees, insects, human beings.
People had the time to stay and keep whatever they had of that time, but they chose otherwise, and lost everything the earth had to offer, Life.





